This is a basic tutorial of how to be a gunner in OJP. Recent as of 0.1.1
Sorry I couldnt make a more complete manual here guys, we ran out of time for our chritmas release :p

Dodge:

Dodge is your what allows you to dodge saber swings or bolts that hit you without losing HP.
Blaster shots and saber hits do alot more damage than Base JKA, so keep your dodge meter high as|
much as you can. IT regenerates at a fairly slow pace.

Mishap:

Firing Your weapon raises your mishap meter. As it gets higher, you lose accuracy in your shots
and your camera shakes to varying degrees. It also controls how vulnerable force power you are.

Force defense:

If you dont have Absorb, You can prevent a knockdown from most force powers if you walk and do not have high
mishap or are using a heavy gun. They will only move you around or or do basic damage. Lightning and grip do not prevent you from
firing shots back at the force user unless you have high mishap.

Light Guns:

Pistol
Blaster
Bowcaster

Heavy Guns (Cannot block force powers while using these):

Clone Rifle (Note: alt fire costs 100 bolts)
T-21
disruptor
Rocket Launcher

Reloading:

Almost all of the weapons have clips. pressing teh reload button will regenerate the clip.
Note: you cannot fire as its regenerating so tap the button again to cancel the regen if needed.

Hybrids:

Basically a gunner who knows uses anything on the force menu as well. They will not have their
certain items like the seeker, forcefield, and sentry regenerate in their inventory unlike 
pure gunners. Hybrids cannot use offensive forcepowers with a gun in their hand.

Tips:


Gunner vs Gunner:

Just remember that your more accurate if you walk and fire. Therefore use cover alot. Also,
the quickthrow thermal detonator feature will come in handy alot. Take them out halo style.

Gunner vs Hybrid:

Try to hit them in the air when they jump so you get past their dodge. Watch out for force usage 
and keep the firepower coming so maybe you can hit them when they try to use force, but they cannot use offensive powers with a gunin  their hand
 Take advantage of teh fact that you most likely have more items and guns than they do because they spent half of it on force.

Gunner vs Jedi:

Walk alot and watch your mishap meter to avoid knockdowns from force power. Use roll alot
 especially when they get close and keep firing even when you get knocked down. You can even rollout of 
out of push and pull if you didnt get knocked down. Bolts do more DP damage to jedi the closer 
they are and even more if they are running and swinging, so try and find ways to get a little closer to them.
Use your items strategically. Shield can make a nasty knockdown surprise for a jedi and you can shoot them on the 
ground for more damage. even a well placed sentry or quickthrown detonator can turn the tide as well. Be careful is a 
jedi starts walking and swinging his saber because he's trying to deflect you. If Mind tricked, remember your bots can see him. keep moving. Jedi's, just keep this stuff
in mind when fighting a gunner. 

Hybrid vs Jedi:

A tough matchup at times especially for the jedi. Hybrids use absorb and Jump alot alot with 
their guns and flamethrower for best results. Jedi need to use speed alot, deflect, and watch for 
reloads and especially high mishap inaccuracy or use of heavy guns because they are vulnerable 
to force in that case. Also, if you need to catch up with a running hybrid. blast him with push or pull
and it will make them stop to block it. Also, since they are spending points on weapons too, they
may not have all their absorb so they may be vulnerable when running or jumping.

Jedi vs Jedi:

Read the saber manual!!

Force powers:

Jump: Goes very high now but costs a ton if used too often with no recharge (meditate regens force faster btw).

seeing: Seeing 1 is the PREREQUISITE of all forcepowers and saber stuffs. better seeing at higher
levels and important if mindtricked

Push:pushes back rockets and some detonators. You must target your enemy at level 1.
There is a range increase with the next levels as wel as protection from push the way absorb works

Pull: Requires targeting at level 1. Pulls vulnerable enemies over and pulls their weapon if they have
high mishap.

Mindtrick: requires targeting at level 1 as well I believe and increases in range and time with higher
levels. Bots can see through it.

Lightning: do a little damage at level 1 but knocks people down at other levels if their are vulnerable.

Grip: Works similiar to base JKA, except gunners can still shoot you or use items if they didnt have 
high mishap when you gripped them.

Shi-cho: Not a force power but a prerequisite for all the otehr styles and a saber.
The saber style perks are described on the skill menu Hold you mouse over the bubbles:

Saber Defense: Allows for lesser damage rom back hits Allows for better bolt deflection a depending
o what level you have. Swing in order to make it more accurate, but just dont swing too close when deflecting.

Ok thats all I have the energy for right now. More another time.
